hi everyone this is brian Gundy from
forgiveness snakes and pretty exciting
day here just in the process of hatching
out a paradox super gold bush mohave and
i was shocked to see this guy's head
poking out of this egg if you guys
remember a few days ago i did a video on
clutch of gold blush my hobbies that
first that i was hatching out these are
eggs from a brother to sister breeding
gold blush mojave giggle blush mojave
ended up with two blue-eyed Lucy's and
actually a couple to set of twin mohave
including another another pair of
hobbies and was really surprised almost
shocked to see this guy poking his head
out actually yesterday afternoon just
could see glimpses of this pigment on
his face and thought oh gosh this is
pretty cool so anyway just thought i'd
share this with you guys this guy's
still on his way coming out of the egg
but since he was peeking out if i show
you guys a sneak preview of this paradox
and this is actually the second paradox
that I've produced from gold blush
Mojave actually two years ago produced a
paradox on the other side of the
spectrum where it was actually a mohave
bred to a normal and this was a pretty
well pigmented sort of a combination of
a Mojave with a hint of normal pattern
pigmentation it had blue eyes and
splashes of white like a sort like a
pipe that wasn't applied it was throwing
like a pinto horse but anyway here is a
super goal of paradox super cold blush
Mojave or a super gold blush Mojave
paradox not really sure how you'd say
that but it is a paradox all the same
and pretty excited about this little guy
and actually in the same clutch there's
actually a set of twins that at this
point in time doesn't look like it's
going to make it very premature babies
but anyway just thought i'd share this
with you guys pretty doggone exciting
you know it's just something a little
different anyway I thought you guys
would enjoy seeing something unique and
always like to keep you guys up with the
latest stuff that's going on here for
goodness snakes so but I share this with
you guys I hope you guys are having a
great season as always hi guys this is
brian Gundy from for goodness sakes take
care